I'm just the bank.
I'll be okay, Dad.
I hope so.
Oh, that's it.
That's it.
There.
Oh, oh, it's going to be all right.
It's going to be all right.
That's it.
It's all right.
It's all right, Albert.
You're going to be okay.
Oh, my daddy.
We'll take it to him.
He's, you know, easy does it.
That's it.
You're that is quite a guy.
I know, Grandpa.
How is he, Philip?
He's asleep.
He's going to be fine.
How can I thank all of you?
I think my son, Robbie, you pulled him out of the water.
I'm very grateful, Robbie.
Dad saved him, not me.
I'm so thankful to all of you.
So long.
He's a lucky boy.
Well, what do you see?
We get back to our fishing.
That's a great idea.
Uh-oh.
It's probably the hospital.
I have to get to a phone.
It probably means we can't stay.
That's OK.
Well, my patient says a high fever.
I have to go to the hospital.
I'm sorry, Robbie.
I guess I ruined your day.
You didn't ruin my day, Dad.
I understand.
I really do.
Oh, well, you're back so early.
I'll fill up how to go back to the hospital.
You had an emergency.
Oh, that's too bad, Robbie.
Did it spoil your fun?
No, Mom.
We had a great time.
I hope that you do any fishing.
Yeah, we caught lots of them.
Look.
They had a special on frozen fish down at the supermarket.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, you really had a bad day.
We had a good day.
Robbie pulled a boy out of the water.
And Dad saved his life.
He's a terrific doctor, Mom.
I know.
Oh, hi, Pa.
Hi, son.
Hello, Dad.
What a day.
How about a cup of coffee, son?
I'd love a cup of coffee.
How was the patient?
She'll be fine.
Was it serious?
No.
Until today, I was never really interested in medicine.
Well, it's hard work.
Now I know.
I had a good time today, Robbie.
Me too.
Why don't we do it again?
Can we win?
How about next Saturday?
Won't you be busy?
I'm changes, schedule.
Well, do we have a date?
We sure do, Dad.
Grandpa, can you come?
I have other plans, Robbie.
But I think you too can have a good time together without me.
No, Dad.
And certainly not without the right magic.
Ha ha ha ha.